Remove deprecated call to DialContext in Hubble server (#34261)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

* The ``CONNTRACK_LOCAL`` option has been deprecated and will be removed in a
  future release.

Hubble Relay Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * The ``dialTimeout`` flag has been deprecated and is a no-op

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``hubble.relay.dialTimeout`` helm option has been deprecated and is now a no-op
```

* The ``CONNTRACK_LOCAL`` option has been deprecated and will be removed in a
  future release.

Hubble Relay Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * The ``hubble.relay.dialTimeout`` helm option has been deprecated and is now a no-op

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``hubble.relay.dialTimeout`` helm option has been deprecated and is now a no-op.
```
